I'm sure that you must have discussed that with the Secretary,
and the chair very much hope that you will give him an answer,
which he can base his focus.
Mr. Chairman, I did not mean to be clairvoyant
to be able to say to the Secretary,
you know what the chairman's going to ask this.
He said, yes, I do.
And I said, well what is your answer to that?
I think I've thought him accurately when I say that he's a well primal always,
it's up to the committee to decide what is fair and just and equitable.
But he said, I don't mind self-think it's fair and just an equitable
that I should be stuck on with fans for 14 days,
and one or two of the fighters on the other side,
if I've won on my side Mr. Adams has never seen these are at all.
So I dealt with Mr. Montgomery and asked what he did.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman,
Mr. Carter, that's all that long hard for us.
It's still a little hard for the chair to get it,
specifically to participate, specifically for questions,
which he would like very much to have because he's proposing to try to cast a specific vote.
And as I may ask you then Mr. Welch,
speaking now on the basis of your consultation with the chair,
I would be secretary, and speaking his clients,
whether you at this time and the real protest against this procedure on the basis
that you feel is at the unfair and unjust.
Well Mr. Chairman,
I'm not too sure if they are just to Welch and say that to him.
I reported what my client position is, sir.
I'd rather not add anything to that.
It seems to me that what he said was quite clear,
if this committee in its wisdom,
besides the running here in this way,
you will see a kind of a feeble grin from Mr. Welch,
and a smile from the secretary when he's better and back.
We will accept any strategic mismaid,
but I do not propose that it is this microphone,
and use any form of words which could later be interpreted
as my having made a deal about this decision.
I'm not, uh, Chairman,
Mr. Chair, can you say that?
I'm not asking if you, uh,
Mr. Chair, as well as involved in this,
he feels he has a right to interrogate the witness,
to try to find out exactly how his provolence cop feels.
He is interpreting the question which he has.
It's a little bit of a problem, sir.
For the Chair, to be sure as to what Secretary has in mind,
you will talk to him,
I'm not sure enough of what had he had in mind,
so that you can tell me whether you are now telling him,
either on your own representation or here,
that you believe that the Chair was involved with this proposal.
You would consider it to be an unfair or unjust suffocating.
Mr. Chairman, I'm telling you what I will say,
and that is I got another diamond-mary property,
if you want me to put it in the phone again.
I wish you would do that, sir,
because I'd like to have an answer to my question,
so I can go to that time as the American people, I would.
Mr. Chair, please follow me here, and we'll give you another sentence.
Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman.
I've got a little bit of a question.
Can I go to the bathroom?
I'll tell you that, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman.
I'm sorry to interrupt any recess.
For my information, can I ask this question?
I wonder if I was misinformed over the new know-how,
I said in my office, and got a size of a number of roles
from countries who were honestly trying to cut these short.
I was informed that the changes that were made
in the resolution present this morning,
with exception of one, were made upon the request of Mr. Welk.
Mr. Welk now comes back and says,
this is a new resolution as far as he's concerned.
He asks questions of the Chair, and certainly not answered,
because this is not his motion.
He has kindly determined how to vote on a motion,
and he has made a commitment, perhaps, and unwise one,
but he has been said that if any of the entities to this dispute
are going to face that they considered,
but the Chair, and the Chair, is reasonable efforts to bring this
to a more expeditious conclusion that they say it's unfair or unjust.
The Chair will not vote for such a proposal.
Well, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, may I have your question?
Mr. Chairman, please.
Mr. Chairman, as Mr. Welk believes,
I do not think we should discuss publicly while he's away from here.
Could I have the...
There's a tension, Mr. Welk, for ten,
because I think that's very important.
I was led to believe certain things that the Chair,
Dr. Dr. Geringon, in the heart,
I was led to believe, and I reluctantly agreed to Mr. Welk's suggestion.
I'd like to know now how they're not the workers' suggestions,
and if they were hired to stay,
I'd like to have the Chair's attention, Mr. Welk, for ten.
Committee has gone into recess for another ten minutes while Mr. Welk,
with another diamond in pocket,
goes out to make another telephone call to the Secretary of the Army,
who apparently is watching the proceedings in his office,
if the Pentagon, perhaps, if he's home via telephys.
The Chairman, on behalf of the witness chair,
and takes his place,
after four, the microphone to address the Chair.
Senator Mont will call the detection back to order in Duff's month.
Prime Mr. Welk, this is the Associate Council, Mr. Sinclair.
Senator Mont.
Committee, I'm going to order.
Mr. Welk has returned to the committee,
little man, and Carol, please be here for a moment.
Mr. Chairman?
What's the Secretary said in two parts?
A, he does not wish to accept from the Chairman a proxy to cast your vote.
He thinks that the Chairman that is outside his province.
Secondary, last to turn, he says I continue in my view that the proposed resolution
would not be dealt in favor.
He said anything to would not be dealt in favor, would not.
The Chair has said, please, I'm prepared to vote.
Is there other discussion?
Mr. Chairman?
Are you ready to vote?
I met Chairman.
Senator McCarran?
A lot.
Senator McCarran was arrested in the chair.
The Chair didn't get any of the votes.
Senator McCarran, the Chair is ready for a vote.
I'll be glad to defer this, but I am completely waiting for after we vote.
The Chair has said that he is not in this particular point.
Well, that means he will not be here in the Committee.
This must have been the lightning to the Committee, however, so I would have to turn it on this point slide off.
The Chair has said, curry for himself.
He needs the other committee members to identify as the martyrs, Trevor.
Let me ask this, I think the Chair and Council know when I am voted to this Chair.
So, you prefer I wait until the vote is so aggressive?
I will turn it on.
What's the challenge?
I have previously announced that I will, and I do now, oppose the resolution or motion submitted by the Senator for Illinois.
It may be in the chairman of the Dyer's House, and that motion is destined to pass, I do not know.
But people are voting on each of us as to take the responsibility for infreasing it, and trying to understand how it operates and what its consequences will be.
I have undertaken to do that.
And there I say this, Mr. Chairman, I believe I have proper and few deference, well, and to all of the parties to this Parliament.
But I may say that the fair opinion of what is fair and unfair did not have to be in both of both into play by me.
To place my interpretation on this resolution, it's a text and it's not a question.
I took into account Mr. Chairman what I can see is to be the other party at English to this Parliament.
The American people and the welfare of our government.
So, I have undertaken to investigate and I give you my investigation of it.
Number one, it is not a formula.
For expediting the hearing, it is a formula for stopping, for suppressing public hearings which this committee,
unanimously voted at the time the hearings, will are.
Number two, it denies to the principles that the Adam, Mr. Coles, Mr. Carr and Mr. Hempfield,
the opportunity to defend under whom in public the serious charges that have been made against them,
and denies them the opportunities for face their excuses in public, or to sustain the grave and serious charges they have made against each other
by giving public testimony under whose support and to sustain those charges.
Mr. Chairman this is not just a right, just a right of the parties to this controversy of the principles,
but it is their form of obligations and duties to do it.
They duty, that as they undertake the charges, the full power in the bars that the committee has in them,
should be exercised in some capital to do it.
There is a right of the position that the committee undertakes to resolve these grave issues on the report of council interviews of witnesses,
including principles for this controversy.
Has an alternative to that, or in addition to that, that we both see the end exactly here.
Mr. Chairman, there is not one indication that if this job is to be done and be done fairly incomplete,
that exactly here is the short and the proceeding, so is not the slightest indication of it.
So what is the purpose of it? What is the author of it so intending to know?
When I first met the judge, no bad say, the results, when the consequences will be to carry on this investigation
out of the use of the public that is industry, away from the press.
And someone is discerning the color of the agent.
Out of the deal of color of the agent.
I am not so concerned about color of the agent.
What is the objection? I didn't invite them here.
But what is the objection?
We are performing a public duty, a public trust, and I may say, one of the most pleasant and one of the most disagreeable ones.
Either I had the performance in the course of my public service.
Mr. President, I cannot vote for it.
If it is adopted, if this resolution is adopted, in my opinion, it will be of great diversity on American standards of justice and equity, committed by this committee in the name, and for the discredit of the United States Senate.
Mr. President, Mr. Chairman, in the end of expediting the hearing to affair and justice and equitable conclusion, I that will offer as a substitute for following motion.
But after each of the principles of this conversation, the person has testified in chief.
Mr. President, I may comment on Mr. President's ideas to have the opportunity to present Thursday before the top exam.
But each member of the Subcommittee have one hour, six ten minutes period each, for the interrogation of witness, of the witness.
And that is, first of all, the first hour of our planning, how four hours each are interrogating that principle witness.
The Council for the Committee shall continue to question such witnesses under existing rules.
And when all such time has expired, the witness shall be excused.
That is the motion, Mr. Chairman, that our office is up to date.
And may I say this, it will fix the time limit.
It's quite a long time, I know. I'm not trying to deny anyone.
All opportunities to get the facts out on the papers, but let the truth be known.
And if anyone would seriously insist that this time limit is too short, or too short, or no, too short.
I'd consider a many other modifiers to make the time all this.
But may I say this, Mr. Chairman, as to the time when there is three one hour three witnesses at six ten minutes period, I intend to continue in most instances.
The past says that much time.
But this, if we are in this witness, is coming.
In bringing this hearing to a final conclusion at some time, this just applies to the principle.
We can bring it to a conclusion with every one of the principles treated fairly and equitably, and we can perform our duties consistently with this.
The standards of procedure and justice that are customarily followed, traditionally followed, in America and New York.
With the senator, he considers the request of the chair that he do not offer his amendment as a substitute, but permits a vote to be held on the just amendment, which it seems to me as a right to be heard on its own marriage, and then offer his as a separate resolution.
I mean, just as I'm assuming the direction amendment fails.
Well, Mr. Chairman, the chair amendment is just in the inventory.
Mr. Chairman, most of the chance to be heard on its own marriage.
If I am assured, I do not know what the outcome of the person amendment will be.
The effect should be adopted, and I could not offer this motion.
I only offer it now as a substitute.
No, the committee can take its choice between the two.
If it rejects mine, then of course there would be no vote on the judgment resolution.
Just a matter of fact, is that adopted the resolution?
I could get no vote on this substitute.
Now, there's any way to vote on the two.
I read it. The chair recognizes and points to the right of the senator's offer.
The chairman amendment has a substitute.
But having in mind the effort we went to, the chairman of the attitude of all the entities on a particular proposition before,
the chair of the bill gets lightly better to have a vote on each on its own marriage,
rather than have a diffusion of the issues involved.
Certainly, if the senator insists on offering his as a substitute.
My name is Chairman, I'm not trying to interrupt our investment in a particular technicality.
I just do not want to be forced to vote on the vote by this committee, on the proposal.
Yes, the chair will seek and get unanimous consent.
That the dertian resolution be voted on first,
and then here, the expected of the outcome of that vote.
That's it.
The resolution then will be the next order of business and be voted on.
When I have no objections to following the chair,
the chair will undertake to solicit such unanimity as he can.
May we have unanimous consent on behalf of the subcommittee that regardless of the vote on the dertian amendment,
we will then vote on the next vote.
Mr. Chair, I'm sorry to make that up.
Any comments?
I believe that Senator McCrelland can take the dertian amendment loses as the right to have his amendment voted on.
And therefore, if the dertian amendment wins, I'm at win before.
I will move that the matter be taken up by the full committee.
Anybody else want to make sure a wait now a second is a Missoulaan's attention.
And second is a kind of objection.
I would assume that we would want to go around and inspire from the various entities involved.
Senator McCrelland.
Are you about to vote as a committee?
This would be an Missoulaan substitute for the involved participants.
We use any of the participants to respond to the virtual hour of the dertian motion through the committee.
It is now pending.
Anybody, any member, the committee wishes to do so?
No objection.
But it's a number of the principals who just the time is not out of date.
I'd be glad to hear all that.
If you're thinking of more time, I'm not trying to put all of anybody's time.
I am trying to limit the time with the idea of expropriating the hearings and in the hope that by so doing,
we may eliminate a lot of the irrelevant things and immateriality and of them and possibly succeed in having the question
confined to the issues.
Mr. Chairman.
Senator Jackson.
I have only one comment to make on the substitute.
As I understand it, I was regarded as a breach of our understanding with Senator McCrelland.
And at the time he was cut us on in dollars to see whether or unsuscrised to the rules that were adopted.
Chair has only one comment and that is,
while it's an effort, Mike's been saying that we save all those time.
I think it might work in the other direction.
And Chair has roughly calculated his time under the McCullough amendment.
It was provided for about four days of cross-eanimation for each witness.
He would hope that after one or two or three of the major witnesses have been heard,
and it certainly displays a witness is more rapidly than that.
And the Chair would have to say because he believes the directs and amendments as the right should be heard on its own merit.
If it's voted for as a substitute, the Chair would have to vote in the negative,
despite the guidelines for the considerations of the merit to the McCullough and the supporters.
Both, by all means, by all means.
And by all means, by all means, by all means, by all means.
Mr. Chairman.
And in the cracky.
Does the senator propose that the time he suggests the elimination of questioning?
How about these speeches?
I haven't here for the last two, three days.
I'm going to go to the other hill with me to all these closed sentences.
I can't have them go out.
I'm not saying any questions.
I didn't interrupt.
I didn't.
Let me finish.
I think we all over the place.
I didn't interrupt you, Senator.
All right.
And I'm asking a civil question.
Yes.
We've sent about 90% of our time known speeches.
Now I'm just asking you this question.
Your resolution just provides a certain length of time for each individual.
Would there be speeches the fact that some of that time, or will we still have an RR2 speeches every morning every afternoon?
Mr. Chairman, I have a letter from the House.
I have a letter from the House of the State of the United States.
That when a point of order was raised, speeches were raised, and that time was not taken out of him who had before or questioning witnesses.
The pregnancy remarks by the committee and it's saying pertaining to the procedures at the start of yearnings or anytime during the course of yearning.
Whether it's either the speeches, would respect the procedure or any other remarks with members of the committee may make with respect to the proceedings at a time when they are not.
Opproplying that time, the question witnesses, that time would not be charged against any other participants who were responsible for this.
I'm curious to see who's left.
This is right in the House and all the areas.
You are making a suggestion here that the local federal limitations now, if you would amend that, to provide that anyone who makes a speech about targeting the hearings, would lose up much time from the spirit of questioning, I would say that your motion would have some more americans.
I believe we can never end these if we're going to spend half of each day making speeches.
Chairman, no greater than ten of her again, I'll submit my record against his reference to speeches.
I have no intention of making speeches.
It's perhaps on some notion of point of order to merely explain my position, I think, for the well-informed head to that.
I think I directed my remarks quite a little when I offered this right to speech motions.
I think I directed my remarks to him stating my reasons why.
I felt it should be adopted and the reasons why they are going to no motion to which such a subject should not be adopted.
Should I just ask you one question from her and I took my information?
I don't know yet.
I'm not sure, when he's sent her as an hour, that any speech he makes is subtracted from that hour.
It's a simple question, I'm not sure.
The argument is asking you the questions, I'll let your motion.
No, don't worry, you follow me.
It's not for X.
It has an hour to question, I would say, a witness over here.
And if X uses fifty minutes making a speech, does he still have an hour to question or does he only have ten minutes?
Mr. Chairman and I have to do that question, I would say, right at any senator,
doing his case of questioning gets out of order, or in a participant.
Any of the principals or any other member of this committee can leave a point of order.
And that time that it occupies to resolve the point of order will not be taken out of any one time.
And if he is making a speech, there's no one of Jack.
He's consuming his time, we're getting nearer, a little nearer than him.
But if he is making a speech in an M-poppy one, the senator from Wisconsin can pop his guess and get a ruling from his guess.
I may just go down the substitute.
Question is asked, Mr. Welch, why did you hurt?
I would like to be, I think I have very little light to be heard, but I would like to be, if you want to know maybe her.
Mr. Chairman, I have seldom tried to lawsuit in which my cross examination of a witness or a party had not be concluded in one day's time.
We are talking about just that fear.
I do not deny that this is not the biggest lawsuit in which I have ever been engaged because I get the views.
And I stand a middle in awe of promising a competent cross examination of anybody in four hours.
Mr. Chairman McClellan, I would so much rather have four open public hours than to have 40 in post-stations that I think I'd trade the four for the four.
I would lose this much practically, Mr. Stevens must have been examined for something like 40 hours.
I'd get 35 less hours on the other principles, but that's all on the drain and I'm not going to keep.
Four hours seems a little short to be heard, and as I say, I would take it rather than a whole lot of hours behind flow itself.
Okay, so go down to the position.
I will wrap you down.
Go to the position and the substitute office, send him a taxi to the sender's action, and the chair will go to the office.
Send him a call.
Send him a second, send a action and the chair will go to the office and you'll be calling.
All right, send a action, so.
Send a action.
All right.
Send a part of the snow.
Senders, stand in hands.
All right.
Senders, right, act.
No.
The chairman goes to snow.
The motion is lost.
The motion now occurs on the directions proposals.
As the vision we made, every chair will call the roll.
Just chairman before you go to the office.
I just think this position, Mr. Chairman, this is an honest endeavor, I think,
to put an end to the vicious effect of this hearing upon the American people.
Every senator must assume his honest responsibility.
I've done it in house in Spanish for 20 years or more, and I intend to do it now.
It's a case of majoring little activities against people.
But when you measure the impact of these hearings upon finding arrest, upon the morale of our people,
I think the old week is in behalf of this resolution.
Every endeavor will make us take thought of all our needs and interests here
and give us every one of their shape that I fully intend to fall.
I would like to say just this, because he's opposed to both.
No, I'm the resolution.
He wants to say that he wants to work with a firm commitment, Mr. Parenthood, from Illinois.
His visit is very fair and carefully thought out, triple-s.
I think that the chair has helped us all party to this dispute.
But certainly, this sufficiently well-spatified so that they would not protest publicly
as this program is being unfair and unjust.
Since one of the entities that he had a right to do has told us to the gifts to proceed
you as being unfair, the chair will vote no, but he wants to turn it into what Illinois did realize it is not,
because he doesn't feel he has made it very, he's struck you, and it very worthwhile and very honest.
It's a pretty and like math, that just in the morning will be taken in executive sessions
and it can't step to be given out to the public on the all, I believe.
The least will be given out so that the people of the country will have all of the math.
If that dreams deserve one law by the committee to have other principles in public sessions
that can be done by a vote of the committee.
That's the same as through its party on either side.
Now our purpose is to inspire the investigation.
It's been to ask the thing to do so.
That the chairman, if one of the members of the committee, what are they doing here?
Bubbler's paying total.
I'm conscious of all of these.